Update announcement.md (#366)
camunda/camunda-docs-static: enterprise/content/announcement.md

* Support for SpringBoot 3.x
* Support for Quarkus 3.x

> * End of Support for Java 8 (Camunda Run will be released using Java 17 instead of Java 8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* End of Support for Java 8
* Camunda Run requires Java 17 instead of Java 8
```

> * End of Support for SpringBoot 2.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* End of Support for Spring Boot 2.x
```

* End of Support for Quarkus 2.x
* End of Support for WildFly 15 / 16 / 17 / 18 / 19 / 20 / 21 / 22 / 24 / 25
* End of Support for JBoss EAP 7.2 / 7.3
* End of Support for PostgreSQL 12 / 13
* End of Support for Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL 12
* End of Support for Oracle 12c

> * End of Support for Sping 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* End of Support for Spring 4
```
